# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.50.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-evals
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
argcomplete==3.5.3
    # via
    #   commitizen
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
boto3==1.38.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
botocore==1.38.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   commitizen
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via uvicorn
cohere==5.15.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   commitizen
    #   griffe
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
commitizen==4.6.0
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
decli==0.6.2
    # via commitizen
dependency-injector==4.46.0
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via opentelemetry-api
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via
    #   mistralai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via cohere
filelock==3.18.0
    # via huggingface-hub
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via huggingface-hub
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.167.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.39.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-generativeai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.71.1
    # via vertexai
google-cloud-bigquery==3.31.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.23.3
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.1
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
griffe==1.7.2
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
groq==0.23.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   groq
    #   mcp
    #   mistralai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-graph
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   mcp
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via opentelemetry-api
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via commitizen
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kurigram==2.2.1
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
logfire-api==3.14.0
    # via
    #   pydantic-evals
    #   pydantic-graph
lxml==5.4.0
    # via lxml-html-clean
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
markdown==3.8
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mcp==1.6.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistralai==1.7.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==2.2.5
    # via shapely
openai==1.75.0
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
opentelemetry-api==1.32.1
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
orjson==3.10.16
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   commitizen
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytest
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   questionary
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyaes==1.6.1
    # via kurigram
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   athena (pyproject.toml)
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   mcp
    #   mistralai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-evals
    #   pydantic-graph
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   sqlmodel
pydantic-ai==0.1.3
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
pydantic-ai-slim==0.1.3
    # via
    #   pydantic-ai
    #   pydantic-evals
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   pydantic
pydantic-evals==0.1.3
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
pydantic-graph==0.1.3
    # via pydantic-ai-slim
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via
    #   athena (pyproject.toml)
    #   mcp
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via kurigram
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   athena (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==0.26.0
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   mistralai
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   commitizen
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic-evals
questionary==2.1.0
    # via commitizen
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-evals
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.12.0
    # via boto3
shapely==2.1.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   athena (pyproject.toml)
    #   sqlmodel
sqlmodel==0.0.24
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
sse-starlette==2.2.1
    # via mcp
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via commitizen
tgcrypto==1.2.5
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via cohere
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via commitizen
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
types-requests==2.32.0.20250328
    # via cohere
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   cohere
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   mistralai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-ai-slim
    #   pydantic-graph
    #   pydantic-settings
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via mcp
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
vertexai==1.71.1
    # via athena (pyproject.toml)
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
